For this section we're going to use firebase as a bag and not because angular wouldn't work with any
of our back and indeed you may use any bag you like as long as you can connect to it with Anglo's HTP
service.
So as long as you can send requests to certain API endpoints off your back end but because firebase
is so easy to set up and since this course is not about creating the back end which would of course
involve writing a lot of code on the basket itself.
It's great to have a solution like firebase which makes it very easy for us to simulate the angle or
a part of this connection.
So for this I will go to the fire based on Google dot com page and there to the console which allows
us to create new firebase projects.
That is exactly what I want to do.
I will create a new project here and I will name it N-G recipe book.
Any name you like now you're old and pick my location and had to create project to create this new project.
That pretty much is the same step as in the HD P.S. shown earlier in this course.
Now this will take a couple of seconds and once it is finished it will take us to the dashboard.
On the dashboard here we can use firebase in all its glory.
And if you want to use firebase for your protection app definitely dive into the firebase documentation.
For now we will only use the database feature year which as all as shown in the HP section allows us
to simply send requests to diss you or else here and then store data well in the database.
In the firebase database important for this to work we need to adjust the rules so that everyone is
able to write and read data.
And that is something you will then again revisit in your vindication section when we will also learn
how we could enforce authentication in an angular app..
But for now this is what we'll do.
So let's publish these rules so that everyone is able to access our database.
Of course not the settings you want to use in your protection.
Probably And with that dessous the link We're going to use to connect to our back end.
So let's start connecting to it in the next section and let's actually start by saving our recipes there.
Now definitely go ahead and try this on your own.
You'll learn how you can send post requests which sounds like the right tool here too.
Any back end including firebase India HTP S..
So you might want to send such a request.
Q You are L and then an appropriate note to store your data in and then hopefully have your data on
the server.
So go ahead with this.
We'll do this together in the next lecture.